MASTER SERVICES AGREEMENT

This Master Services Agreement ("Agreement") is entered into as of 1 March 2026 between
Acme Analytics GmbH ("Provider") and Nordwind Retail AG ("Customer").

1. SERVICES
Provider shall deliver data analytics and reporting services as described in each Statement
of Work executed under this Agreement.

2. PAYMENT TERMS
Customer shall pay all undisputed invoices within thirty (30) days of the invoice date.
Late payments accrue interest at a rate of 8% per annum above the European Central Bank base
rate. Fees are reviewed annually and may increase by no more than 5% per year.

3. TERM AND TERMINATION
This Agreement commences on the Effective Date and continues for an initial term of twenty-four
(24) months. Either party may terminate for convenience on ninety (90) days' written notice.
Either party may terminate immediately if the other party commits a material breach that remains
uncured for thirty (30) days after written notice.

4. CONFIDENTIALITY
Each party shall keep the other party's Confidential Information secret and shall not disclose it
to any third party except to employees with a need to know, for a period of five (5) years after
disclosure.

5. DATA PROTECTION (GDPR)
The parties shall comply with Regulation (EU) 2016/679 (GDPR). Provider acts as a processor on
behalf of Customer. Provider may engage sub-processors and may transfer personal data outside the
European Economic Area provided appropriate safeguards under Article 46 GDPR are in place. Customer
grants a general authorisation for the engagement of sub-processors. Personal data shall be retained
for the duration of the Agreement and deleted within sixty (60) days of termination.

6. LIMITATION OF LIABILITY
Except for breaches of confidentiality or data protection obligations, each party's total aggregate
liability under this Agreement shall not exceed the total fees paid in the twelve (12) months
preceding the event giving rise to the claim. Neither party is liable for indirect or consequential
loss.

7. INDEMNITY
Provider shall indemnify Customer against third-party claims arising from Provider's infringement of
intellectual property rights in the deliverables.

8. INTELLECTUAL PROPERTY
All intellectual property created by Provider specifically for Customer under a Statement of Work
shall vest in Customer upon full payment. Provider retains ownership of its pre-existing materials.

9. GOVERNING LAW
This Agreement is governed by the laws of the Federal Republic of Germany. The courts of Frankfurt
am Main have exclusive jurisdiction.
